Microsoft Visual Studio- Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.
 It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services.
 Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce
 both native code and managed code.Visual Studio includes a code editor supporting IntelliSense as well as code refactoring. The integrated debugger works both as a 
source-level debugger and a machine-level debugger.

JAVA - It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. 
Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins,
Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: 
Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby 
(including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang.

NetBeans - An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static libraries, 
and many useful functions to make your life simpler, NetBeans is a popular IDE for C and C++ projects.
There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options that support several additional technologies,
including Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.

Code::Blocks - extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its users most demanding needs, 
supports C, C++ and Fortran. It provides a consistent look, feel and operation across all platforms for seamless 
transitions between work spaces, and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension. 
It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality.

Komodo -  is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that 
meets your development needs across the spectrum. Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript,
Komodo provides a clean, intuitive interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.

Aptana - Aptana Studio is an open source integrated development environment (IDE) for building Ajax web applications. 
Based on Eclipse, it supports JavaScript, HTML, DOM and CSS with code-completion, outlining, JavaScript debugging, 
error and warning notifications and integrated documentation. Additional plugins allow Aptana Studio to support Ruby on Rails, 
PHP, Python, Perl,[1] Adobe AIR, Apple iPhone and Nokia WRT (Web Runtime).